she loves pocahontas in fact we have a
pug and so we really
named your dog percy oh his name's rufus
but so
[Music]
i see something
bring us the spirit
[Music]
do
let's go ahead and start today's
tutorial the first step for my look
today will be my photo finish smashbox
primer
i will begin by using just a few times
onto my hand
and apply this to the right
to all of my face
[Music]
the 2017 pocahontas and the 2018
pocahontas
but the biggest difference is the
necklace um the 2018
pocahontas finally got herself a plastic
molded necklace which i was ecstatic
about
because she's had this piece of crap
forever
[Music]
thank you
hello and welcome to needham newsroom
with another session of an interview
with history
today i will be interviewing pocahontas
royalty welcome to the studio pocahontas
well thank you for having me with
pocahontas
the disney studios has broken new ground
by basing an animated feature
on a real person the story is really
pocahontas's story
although we have taken some liberties
with it when and where were you born
i was born in jamestown virginia around
1595.
what was your birthday my first name
was matuaka and i was given the nickname
pocahontas when i was a little girl
and it means little wanda
me john and
thomas traveled to england
to speak speak to the king and queen of
england
about the native americans and the
english but there's a great deal of
disagreement among many historians about
the true details of this event
though the film was inspired by the
folklore and fable surrounding the
legend of pocahontas
disney filmmakers knew that the
character of pocahontas was at the heart
of the story
my sling is editorial explicit material
briefcase show live and stereo flow fill
me